what up your mentally ill if you don't
need raw meat okay
what excuse could you [ __ ] possibly
have for not eating your natural diet if
you see blood liver and brain and don't
find those foods appetizing then you're
mentally ill you have been indoctrinated
if you were brainwashed as a kid to eat
other food then you're still mentally
ill by definition what is actually
available in nature
not those cultivated man-made plans that
you find in the shop fruit for example
is mostly water with some sugar almost
no water means and a few minerals yet we
see those shops everywhere that sell
wire diamond bombs what vitamins are
those vitamin C where is everything else
blood has every single vitamin fruit has
[ __ ] nothing this is the retardation
of today's society the skin is toxic and
so are the seeds all of them have
anti-nutrients absolutely [ __ ]
useless modern food is not food it's
drugs people nowadays eat baked grain
sludge bread with additives because of
how horrible it tastes msg for example
is a drug there's no argument
why eat it the only explanation is that
you're an idiot or an addict
probably both romi doesn't have a bad
taste at all it hardly even has a taste
compared to the drugs if you find it
disgusting or not appealing then it's
not because of the taste except of
course if the animal is toxic then the
liver for example would taste bitter
always listen to your senses if you find
it disgusting then it's because you have
mental issues if you find the smell of
raw meat disgusting then you are drugged
up you have a toxic body which doesn't
let you recognize natural food if you
find the appearance of raw meat
disgusting then you have been
brainwashed by the media it's literally
the same as a tiger finding raw me
disgusting it's a severe mental illness
you gotta understand this you are insane
okay if you find a taste of raw meat
disgusting then its toxicity again your
taste
butts have been altered raw meat will
not give you over-the-top synthetic
chemical tastes on your tongue but the
feeling after will be better than
anything man-made you could ever get
vegans will say 2x vegans oh you had
this and that but veganism wasn't the
cause of it how can you get sick if
veganism is the perfect diet for humans
that should be impossible because every
animal that eats its natural diet always
feels amazing and is in perfect health
they will even admit and say that it's
not a cure at all that means that it's
generally a [ __ ] diet because raw meat
is a cure for everything
if you drink blood eat raw meat and raw
animal fat then you will cure every
disease ever known you cannot get sick
by eating raw healthy animals in any way
you will always heal it's our natural
diet natural always equals healthy
always thanks for watching
[Music]
[Applause]
evolution